C
[Music]
I'm
Dr
get down
[Music]
no
get
Dr
Dr e
[Music]
e
oh
what you really thought you were going
to get the
drop you really thought you were you
were going to get the base drop for uh
for Everglade
what do you think this
is I'm not just handing these
out you have to work for
it no it's okay no it's fine no I'll run
it
back I'll run it back it's fine all
right here we go
it's a drop I didn't say it was the
drop but it was a drop
right okay sorry no no no no let's uh no
it's
okay if you want the drop to Everglade
you you shall have I have
[Music]
it but you have to say the magic words
though you have to say the magic words
if you want hear the drop to uh to
Everglade the music never stops no is
the only magic War drop Tua all right
I'm sorry Leila but chabat has a better
magic
Wars I was going to give it to you but
when a drop to is kind of fire it's not
I'm like lying to
myself but okay drop to a Shore those
are the magic words right now
[Music]
cool that's been your weekly reminder to
listen to Super Pony world
2016 he was the victim
let me look at
[Music]
something
whoa I don't know Warrior Castle is
real no
way
wait
yo ly to Heaven
simulator
whoa no way
do we play
this do we play a line to Heaven by holy
Creations
wait you can see my characters this is
this is beef this is my character
beef say hi to beef
beef is wearing the uh the blade
hoodie
but we have others this was my first
Roblox Avatar which was just titled
epic with a steuart little World Tour
t-shirt so that's
cool there my other thing named Quinn
but it can also be called pinata for
some
reason I have a actual uh Creek flow
horse
thing I
suppose I
had something Suzy like but then I made
actual Suzie later that's
fun say the lion Creek Clow I do have KY
as well
this is kind of
crazy I have no idea what this
is I saw the horn I was like I can make
this don't worry about
that don't worry about
this but then this is kind of a
spoiler the these ones are all kind of a
spoiler this is uh this is
Monarch this is the monarch
Violet Violet
Cypress was kind of a
spoiler uh I also have this thing was
kind of
awesome I also have a drip
C which is a big
ant so shout out to dpka
but uh we can uh we could just play beef
we just play the classic beef everyone
loves beef beef is so
nice so okay let's play line to
Heaven
what what why is so big
oh I have zero prayers no
way who is who is that what's
happening like the game if you love God
guys are we going to get in are we're
going to get
in oh nin I have your d m I haven't
responded to it yet cuz I have a good
million DMS but I I will get to you I
don't know if it's going to be today but
I promise I
will shout
out what the [__] is stand no
no what was that no no no
no what was that
no what did I just see it's gone
now I need to get to heaven oh yeah I
just noticed that angel devil mode what
does this mean
no what no
way holy nuke summon Satan okay this
kind stop it oh my God what is that
stop so
vast the world is so beautiful okay I
hate this game um what was the one
where
uh it's like it's like prayer something
what was it called Church no not quite
why are these all the same
these are uh for
interesting there another
one hold
on what was it called like God simulator
or
something no no no
no not
right Jesus
simulator oh my god there it is there it
is Journey with Jesus I found it
we have to Max our
[Music]
Grace we're doing it we're maxing our
Grace
[Music]
who no
no yeah get get [__]
stomped I see
you no no no yeah get out of
here we're great maxing right now get
the [__] out
this is my Jacob's
Ladder I need to get baptized where the
[__] are
they they obviously don't know how
to oh [__] I finally
got there we go what the [__]
no you don't understand you get two
times Grace when you're on Jacob's
Ladder but no one else can be standing
on
it I fell off no way I fell off in Jesus
[Music]
simulator what no way
whoa
whoa how do I use my angel Powers I have
Angel
Powers don't
I oh there we go
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
okay
but I can be
anything I can do
anything this [__] is so ethereal what
is the grace
[Music]
for I don't want to spread
offerings I don't want to upgrade to
Angel
[Music]
I need 2500
Grace you going to buy the cross
upgrade someone has 307 million Grace
[Laughter]
I love that's just that there's only one
screaming noise
[Laughter]
[Music]
yo watch your spacing watch your
facing
[Music]
[__] how do I uh hello
help what just
happened what just happen
inactive too many I thought too many
prayers oh my God the screams are
phasing they're phasing
[Music]
again this person clearly does another
The Meta in the Jesus
simulator play something
[Music]
else not even like not even like a I
think this there would be a more
interesting game you can play just play
something
else okay I'll just play gz a simulator
instead
hello
Jesus uh
oh
Jesus Jesus
oh congratulations your Jesus
today all right let's do this
I know if you uh backs spin into this
this move it's a technically a wave
Dash I have to save them I can fix
them they don't have to be weird
wait is this music kind of
fire this is like kind of
beautiful stop being jump off cliff I
hate when you were do that
don't looks like there's another Jesus
online yeah I've saved 10 goats I've
played this game before what about
it thank you Mr Jesus thank you Mr
Jesus it's all part of Jesus Oh job
my favorite Testament was the one where
jesus carried around suicidal
Rams my favorite Testament was when uh
Jesus drove a Dodge
Ram Toyota Honda Nissan what the hell
tweaking wait no what are you
doing what is wrong with you
I'm such a fan of this I need you to
stop we did it no
[Music]
oh my God he heals
you oh wait I don't have enough Holiness
[Music]
sorry what is that hey what is
that what is that just up there on the
top of my
screen
what is it just like a ram
head okay I have to go return everyone's
money
the achievement icon I got earlier but
it's just stuck there it's so nice and
pleasant this is the creek Itself by the
way that's the uh the
creek why are there many
uh American
Treasures okay let's go bring this to
house
12 house 12 you dropped your money
house 11 you dropped your
money buddy old pal had to load in they
were so Overjoyed they had to load
in two times Holiness when levitating
there's a Jesus
meta I'm trapped I'm trapped I'm I'm
trapped I'm trapped I'm trapped I'm
trapped I'm trapped I'm
trapped how did this happen okay
nice oh 11 you dropped your money
again I'm trapped I'm trapped I'm
trapped I'm trapped I'm trapped I'm
trapped I'm trapped I'm
trapped all right we're got to oh [__]
more money we're going to heal someone
really quickly you you look like Zack
Efron you're going to get healed today
my tears have become tears of
joy the invisible
spell oh oh no my friend Zach Eon the
[__] Jesus stole my money no this is
mine get the [__]
off no that just God damn it
sorry I'm wave
dashing wait oh 11 why is all the Mone
keep picking up for house
11 hey
11 you're
welcome oh it gave them the other bag
the
other the I had I picked up two money
but house 11 took them both cuz they
were both for house
11 okay two and four have now forgotten
their money finally someone else is a
stupid
ew that was the most disgusting looking
person I've ever seen
[__] I'm never going to have enough
Holiness to make it up the other
[Music]
ladder let's go uh let's go fix some
goats cuz I think that's like uh holy as
[__] or something
what that was
nice Jesus says gay little walk
go be free and do not climb the mountain
once
more I will say I was uh last night
playing find Taylor Swift where you can
find 120 hidden Taylor Swifts and I
would play it on stream but there is
like music in it
[Music]
and uh Taylor scrip herself would
probably assassinate me for playing her
music on my Viet Pony live
stream so oh I found all
120 I could turn I could turn the volume
down but part of part of the joy is
hearing the
music oh [__] I can heal someone e not
you
go thanks but can you really walk on
water buddy what do I look like a
miracle worker [__]
out can I walk on water look at
me wait is there something over here
wait is that part of the like the Jesus
lore of this game is like they're like
that's part of the tutorial they're like
oh you can actually cross this Lake cuz
I had no idea
it feels really nice to be doing this
like the The Goat in the corner
comforting
me it's really nice
yeah I mean they didn't have to program
swimming
because they didn't have to program
swimming it it's built into
Roblox to this the swimming animation
and all of that the
physics okay I think it's enough Jesus
simulator
Goat Simulator 50% likes one person
online survival goat s what's the
difference by the way there was this
like last night I found this was like
I'm G to pop
off it's so
fire someone need to SP oh someone oh
can I hit this let's find out
[Music]
you saw it you saw it here you saw it
here
hello
what I can hit the person midair but I
can't do
this I keep feeling that this is
Battlefield
quick
scope I'm kind of
fire yo nice drag
what look at
me look at me
oh they they get a spawn protection up
there for some
reason they get spawn protection up
there can't do anything
okay what what did I hit
[Music]
I can't 360 watch
me okay never mind
[Music]
is this Roblox fortnite is a good
question it kind of is I don't know why
I'm playing this but it's like really
funny sorry
is that person
Invincible that's a
shotgun that's an RPG and it
worked you can build but you have to do
some weird
freaky button combination to do it
come on I hit it the first
time why am I kind of
crazy I say is I missed three shots in a
row I I'm playing this already longer
than I thought I would be on stream
one of these days I'm going to boild up
Battlefield
3 on live stream and just pretend that's
like new new
game cuz all I used to do in those games
is just play
sniper can I no scope
yes playing Goat Simulator I'm really
scared I'm really scared of uh playing
Roblox Goat Simulator this person has it
out for me but I can no scope
them the lag is really really
funny like I don't know to shoot where
they're walking like I don't know how to
Telegraph their what is that what's that
then I'm not playing Goat Simulator I'll
play Roblox Goat
Simulator who is switching in Roblox
fortnite what is
this
what oh
funny just why am I popping off
yeah super Advent I have a lot of
questions about
I cannot hit this person they're lagging
so
bad okay I guess that
counts oh there's there's building and
now I don't know how to get out of it
help
me I don't help help
how how do I stop building I don't know
what I
pressed I turned on UI navigation I
don't know what that
means now why am I going back into this
I need to do something
else says I still have 62 kills that's
fine this is a different server
how do I be hot
what how did that not
hit I I seriously cannot be flaming in
fortnite Roblox I really can't
why am I locked in I need to stop
someone tell me to stop someone tell me
to
stop someone say this game
sucks make me feel self-conscious what
the [__]
you see that shot that crazy
jumping high from a video game and
getting motion
sickness why why
why guys stop using RPGs no
saying I'm cringe is like the not a good
like way of making me feel
self-conscious that just makes me feel
emboldened see that
shot oh my God I hit them but they had
spawn
protection we base is fine too you got
to try harder than
that I am so skib risen with the Ohio
thank
you I'm making this a challenge now
I would have never made the jump for the
beef it's funny cuz uh I have so many
hours into fortnite like 600 maybe 700
hours okay I'll quit the game when I
die this person has an
RPG
try well they know they're
strafing what is that okay and they
still
lost they had like a a Halo weapon and
they still lost
wait did blackout what are we in Black
Ops 5 now did that come out yet oh it's
not
November when I tell you I had like
stopped playing Call of Duty after Black
Ops
3 and then got sucked in for a little
while because of uh MW
2019 and then I was like okay I'm done
playing Call of Duty forever now and
then Modern Warfare
2022 question mark came
out and I'm like okay I've never
completed all the camo challenges for a
Call of Duty game so I'm just going to
do that it's on my bucket list so I did
I did all the camo challenges for a
Modern Warfare 2 2022 or whatever the
[__] it
was and now I'm done
for real I'm done this
time it was my least favorite uh cuz
there's so many guns in that game
compared to older Call of Duty games
like you get like five SMGs five sniper
rifles etc etc
etc I'm pretty sure all the people in
this game are
real but some are just lagging really
bad someone needs to me so I can leave
this
game look at I'm sweeping
them oh rip they actually were doing the
build
function that's where everyone is
they're up there
[Laughter]
and I killed
him yeah this the thing is uh iPad kids
don't understand Mouse controls for
games built for Mouse controls
how did that Miss okay well know that
there we
go oh I didn't have a shot
in I like switched to Battlefield for a
couple of years as my main like FPS game
and then going back to Call of Duty
sniping was like so [__] easy it felt
almost unfair and like no one was good
at it but like Battlefield makes you a
better
sniper and then a Counter Strike makes
you feel like you're [__] again even
without the bullet
drop they did it they did it they did it
guys
I actually don't really like uh FPS
games Much
Anymore finally but look there's did you
know they're doing so many
sequels the older you get the more you
realize like the average FPS game you
can have fun on for like a few weeks and
then it gets old really quickly
like it's definitely like the most fast
food kind of game and I mean more fast
food than like shitty mobile games to be
honest cuz mobile games can really get
you addicted even if they [__]
suck but like FPS games they feel like
such a high level of fun for like a few
weeks at most and then you're like okay
now I know why they have to keep coming
out with these cuz uh just kind of
sucks which is why you know a game is
really good if it manages to be in fps
and you could still love it years and
years and years and years and years
later case in point uh
halflife halflife uh does not get boring
ever for
me cuz it's like not even really about
being an FPS it's more like it's just a
good game
also nomata is
good
actually very topical very topical one
second I had Taco Bell delivered at 2
a.m. so that was
cool let me's see
I got
a I'm getting a bunch of CDs
lately like I have so many vinyl records
but I've been like working on the CD
collection I'll just grab like this
stack of CDs that's here from like the
past few
months let's
see this is Jamie's book that's not the
something no the Taco Bell's
gone uh the reason why I pulled out the
cies is
because of there we go I'm just talking
about
n
and got
that how about
it big big
one very big
big very nice very beautiful very
powerful uh what else we have
H where did they
go from the same trip where the [__] did
I split this I'm freaking
out oh they're under okay
nice uh also got my personal favorite
corono
trigger
um mother
two mother one and two or
Earthbound or mother one Earthbound
beginnings and or and
Earthbound Metal
Gear like I didn't know if they [__]
made this [__] it's
fire and uh Symphony of the Night
all so
good um and the rest of the CD pile
here this the Shu new Shu and
also old
Shu
um oh yes um bista Social Club found
this used
big big
uh like booklet
thing
um oh yeah this was crazy so I found uh
in
the Indian section there was some of uh
Ravi
Shankar and then uh
soan oh both inspiring to me so it's
really cool to actually find those in
the store and I'll have to like buy them
online or
anything
um here's something that may surprise
you I got these this
year these are two extremely formative
albums to me anyone who knows me knows
these two have been
immensely inspiring to me but I actually
didn't have these on CD until this
year the version of this is why piracy
is important by the way the version of
Worlds I was listening to is a copy that
silver gave me and it was just a a copy
I've used since
forever and imagine if I had uh not had
access to Worlds at that time of my life
cuz I didn't I I wasn't going to able be
able to buy it I
think
um Gillan
formerly girl bands but Gill
bands
um I got into their newest album last
year and then this year I started doing
a deep dive into all of their music and
like [__] they haven't made a bad album
so like that's kind of cool highly
recommend they're not called girl band
anymore they're called gilland g i l l a
highly
recommend um
got this
old
Massacre killing time
CD and uh the cover for this is really
weird like this this cover is like kind
of
freaky but if you
ignore like the album art also very
good uh I have another one of these
somewhere but I got one of the snail's
house uh CDs I got two of them I don't
know where the other one is I think this
is ordinary songs
right oh it's a mix it's a mix of like
ordinary songs one two three and
four
so snail's
house
and I don't even know how to open this
oh there just okay
nice this elleny just used cuz I I I was
trying to find some AR Lindsay stuff
with either Lounge Lizards
or
DNA
but I couldn't find anything from those
bands so art linay has some solo stuff
it's like what the [__] is this that's
kind of
crazy like I don't know if this is on
purpose or if it's cuz the CD got [__]
up but whatever the the case it's like
kind of
Fire part of me hopes that this is like
by Design but I'm pretty sure it's just
that UCD is like in such bad condition
that there was like something that
covered this part but I don't know where
else to find
uh I doubt you could find this
new all right ASMR here you
go you're
welcome is there anything else up there
it's
interesting oh yeah another thing I got
this year mostly at the beginning of the
year
but is uh
this because interestingly enough um I
didn't even know they had this on
CD until a few years ago so Skrillex was
my gateway drug to all electronic music
in general although technically my first
like exposure to electronic music was
probably um dreams of an Absolution from
Sonic
go6
um but this is like what you know [__]
me up forever
and I didn't know they had this on CD
until a few years ago and I only had
bangering and recess on CD so I was like
I got to get this apparently this is on
vinyl too but it's like absurdly
expensive whatever happened to dubstep
is was a loaded
question
else and there's the other snail's
house I'm
we had this conversation just the other
day about the difference between dubstep
and bro
step and I Echo that sentiment
without Echo that sentiment without
repeating
myself again
so 4:22 a.m.
nice my ankle is the loudest ankle in
the
universe we need mending books we
already know
this this gives me something to do while
I just say [__] once we get mending
books then we can progress I could
technically sit here
and turn my fan on sit here and and
replace
the lect turns for my villagers but that
didn't work very well the first time we
could try
it let's give that a
try CU that is more sustainable than
fishing for them
but I do this stream bearing good
news I ramped up production on the album
more than I
thought that I was capable
of something possessed me and I've just
been
working 10 plus hours a day for the past
like week week or
two I'm just making tons and tons and
tons of progress on
everything something's making me lose
control we need to furnish all this at
some point don't we that should probably
be our next project but like now all the
villagers are taking over my house again
um
but let me check
something how many songs have I finished
this
week one two
three
four I've finished four songs in the
past I just closed the tab let me check
again
I have completed four songs in I
just I need to look again I keep
forgetting as soon as I close the tab
and keep it open I've completed four
songs in four
days I don't know how this is
happens
um I don't know how I was able to stay
in focus for that
long I don't know how
anything
um but that is uh what's been going
on why are they all here like how did
they get
here like I said before I moved all the
villagers that were in my house at one
point down
here so
how these have gotten down here from the
village I is beyond me and they love my
barrels
but that is to
say monarch of
monsters I only have two more songs to
finish just just the
two and then after that is all the
non-music work that I have to do for it
doing the booklet stuff preparing the
releases uh negotiating with all my
collaborators and in this case there are
going to be no features no other
musicians I'm the only musician on the
album everyone I'm working with are just
like artists like illustrators and
stuff so the main work I have to do once
the album's complete is all the extra
stuff and working with artists on
everything the big problem I'm facing
and the reason why I'm worried about the
timeline for all of
us is because the artist who's doing the
main album cover for Monarch has been
experiencing a lot of like personal life
setbacks
um and I really very
desperately would like this person to do
the
cover we've had a long discussion about
it and they understand my artistic
intent very
well so it would mean a lot to be able
to make sure that doesn't that isn't uh
we can figure that
out I think we will be able to figure it
out it's just uh we need to make sure
everything lines
up uh the album's going to be done
within the next week or so so the
question of it being out by Halloween is
isn't really the it soundss like it
could be reasonable but based on the
timeline for anything cuz I want to
release singles and
stuff I want to release singles and
stuff I'm going to release two
singles and so the timeline is a little
bit strange cuz I also am not planning
to do with the like put out the
announcement until the oven cover is
complete and uh just to make sure the
timeline lines up with everything
having the cover done is very
important I hope they're doing well too
though it's been a lot of
complications where do I put my bowls I
forget I guess I just put them in
here I have a weird sword recording
system that I need to figure
out wait okay I'm scared where did
they the guy
spawn where did he spawn
I'm imagining a November release for
Monarch if things go according to
plan I would have had it earlier if not
for the cover art
stuff artherion villagers
grow no I only I only uh work with
people I I'm like at least slightly
close with so um I don't need any help
with the art but I appreciate the
offer here you
are
nice everything is going great
now I probably should have checked that
uh wandering Trader for trades
first at least I have
leads do we create born on this very day
let's
discover no born
today yes so Monarch's
length I did an
estimate
um and I don't remember what the
estimate was I think the estimate we
came up with was Monarch is going to be
about 87 to 90 minutes
long so Monarch's going to be a long
one and uh everyone joining for the
premiere should beep prepared to spend
about 90 minutes with the
album no rest now little wolf will not
be uh 3 hours
long it won't even be that long of a
song I don't
think okay did I finally put everything
away
I would I would get to work on these
pants
but I want mending I mean I want a
mending thing first okay let's let's
play around with our villagers for a
little
bit one of these villagers or both of
them or all of them don't respond to
these lects anymore I don't know
why I don't know what happen
happened like two of these are still
Librarians for some
reason and I don't understand
why okay get a
job respiration Infinity
nothing
okay what I will say as this might be a
spoiler I already did a spoilery thing
last time but the spoiler will be
similar but slightly
different got of bed got of bed get out
of bed get out of
bed wait it's not
night oh it's about to
be can you get
out okay spoiler warning turn off your
ears if you do not want monarch of
monster spoil
okay two of the songs on Monarch are
over 10 minutes
long and like I said before one of those
is my longest song to date if you
exclude the center Center noisy
P so
yeah that's the main
thing now it was originally just
supposed to be one song that was that
kind of length but it ended up being two
of them
because I just got crazy with one of
them without thinking about it and
uh there's a lot of progressive rock on
this
album so uh yeah medle of Visions rest
in peace the the record length
my Visions was nice knowing
you
um does anyone know
why
bre
beats cuz I don't have any lecs in here
I made little
workstations there's no LEC turns in
these I do
have a
Lecter up
here but this one
has someone who's using it I guess I
could hi how you doing hi jumping for
joy nice
um okay I guess I'll just do the
oldfashioned way of uh I might have to
resettle the workstations cuz I'm really
confused cuz there's no other LEC turns
there is a lecturn in the village over
here but that has
a I'm pretty sure that has someone
working here too
where was the Le
turn is over here I
think yeah this
one I guess oh silk touch is a nice
enchantment to have so let's keep that
one yeah I don't
know I could just try keep resetting the
ones in the in my house but
I don't
know this is like the only way to do
it and I'm not I haven't created like a
a trading Hall where I capture the
villagers cuz I want them to move around
freely which is a inefficient for sure
but uh I think I would
cry oh my god you're an idiot
like
power again oh they're mad at
me again why would I want curs of
binding I guess there's
a you could make it so you don't don't
lose your [__] or
something actually that makes sense
doesn't
it I'm not
smart loyalty Infinity aqua infinity
nothing freedom of movement for Force
employment I mean that's just how pianos
are made I'm pretty sure
we did
it
wow the
winner oh my God we don't have to do
that anymore wait how many emeralds do I
have
1064 uh book F yeah let's accidentally
kill that
one where am
my do I just not have any am I
broky which one of you what are
you what's happening
hey what's happening
guys why are they
holding why are they rotating between
these things what's happening guys I'm
scared that's really scary
I didn't know they did
that
what okay who who gives me good
emeralds I didn't know they did that I
genuinely
didn't
coal I have a lot of stone
do I have Clay balls is my
question I like didn't realize that it's
got to be a new thing
I literally did not know don't yell at
me I haven't played Minecraft very much
the past several years I've been doing
other
things like everything else
why is y no time for Yuri it's time to
give me
money
okay get away from the door freak h
extra happy if you're still in
chat the magician has been stuck in my
head for all day and it won't go
away and
like what was it uh yesterday I listened
to the new sound Jordy great for the
first time yesterday
and uh when I listened to the magician I
actually like started crying for like
the latter half of the entire song and
I'm having this problem now where the
song keeps repeating in my head and it's
making me like want to just like start
crying again but it's like not even
playing I'm like having a bit of a
problem what am I doing okay I wanted to
build pants
uh that's kind of [__] isn't it cuz it
could also have just
well Unbreaking and Fire
Protection do I have fire protection
anything else I have fire protection on
my helmet so I don't really need again
like just protection protection would be
nice why
okay what if I do
this cuz I don't have a breast plate
yet blast protection that is the only
thing it gave you that is really
bad I guess that's something to wear but
I'm not putting mending on that one do I
have any other pieces
oh that is protection and
Unbreaking hold
on What is the
so okay now this is
fine so at least for the breast plate I
can put mending
on this
one and that should be fine what the
[__] oh I'm still on there
freak so and these don't stack obviously
at least I don't think they
do
so we go over to
I don't want to call this a
breastplate let's call it a tunic cuz
that's kind of awesome role
play and just cuz I don't want it to
break it for no no reason I'll just put
that on that should be
fine not just the leggings but I don't
have a enchantment for that anymore
so I'll have to work our way back to
that
XP maybe it's time for another
trip would not be a problem to have more
quartz you just watching this person
sleep why why behave this way
[Music]
I can't believe we don't have the fish
for mending books anymore
I have
uh a lot of the nether explored already
that's this part of
it but not here interestingly
enough I don't remember
why it's not because of that
why have I got a portal to Reddit open
fre like that
cuz
uh it's uh the
it's
alive it's alive it's alive it's
alive sorry I have to like freak out
over this one GI hold on
where is it I just posted it
earlier okay I'm just going to post it
in the patreon server then open it in a
new tab
this
one
like wait why did what
happened it like opened chess.com and
then Firefox force
quit the [__]
okay there you go this one like I'm just
obsessed with this
fun you have to remember this one for
Monarch too this is a monarch reference
I
think it's a definitely a
favorite it's alive
it's like really funny cuz uh what the
[__] what's all this
then did I build those there's no way I
build
those did
I it's explored
so wait why did they not want to attack
me
oh now they do
okay I think the thing is is that I
uh put the Frankenstein it's alive
sample in uh Monarch but I actually
haven't watched the original
Frankenstein and I'm probably going to
because of
this I've also been told to watch Young
Frankenstein as well which I don't know
anything about it other than Jean Wilder
let me know if I should be doing that
with my
life what the hell the world's goofiest
tree
I'm having this Arc where like I I'm
wanting to watch like a lot lot of older
media now because of
uh I've always needed to anyway like
it's been long overdue for me to be
exposed to like a bunch of different
things I've read Frankenstein that was
my final project in middle school but I
haven't watched any of the films or
anything
but okay
having this having this Arc where
like I kind of want to catch up on stuff
that I probably should have uh been
exposed to a long time ago is this
person beefing with me or are they just
like chilling cuz I can't
tell here's a question
cuz sometimes even when I'm wearing gold
the piglins will get mad at me even when
I haven't like stolen any of the stuff
from the bastions or anything is there a
reason why that happens does anyone know
what specifically triggers
certain ones cuz I I I don't I can't
find a
pattern that makes them get mad at me um
what are what are some Mel Brooks things
hold then
oh oh oh
okay uh let's
see Mel Brooks did the
producers I've seen
that let's
see I've seen Space Balls
and oh no he was in Mr PE and Sherman as
Albert Einstein no
way in the movie look who's talking to
he played Mr Toilet Man which is kind of
crazy wow just wow the world is a
beautiful place
okay nice and um another thing
because of uh really getting more into
shoo I'm
like their Twin Peaks soundtrack thing
is like really good I've never seen Twin
Peaks I have
seen
some of of the David lunch movies I know
I've seen Elephant
Man which is a a lot to take
out it's movies like that that just make
you hate the
world twit Peak says peak in the name
for it for a
reason so
what don't where am I going anymore I
was looking for the weird these things
but
now I'm here oh I guess I was
here what was I doing here how did I get
here did
I come okay I came from this way and
then where did I just come from just
now I don't remember
no I just came from here but did I come
from somewhere else
first I don't
know have you seen the one Frankenstein
film that the r plus 7 art is derived
from the one trick Point never art I
mean that's a different the art wasn't
made for one trick Point never it's a
famous painting but you know what I me
no I haven't what I didn't know it was
inspired by Frankenstein
what I do know though is
like this tunnel goes on so
long that Frankenstein as a story is
like so topical
forever it will never not be topical and
it will never not be like important
why so
serial I don't know why I said that I
think I'm
hallucinating guys I'm scared it's blue
now Daniel L Payton is
here opinions on click I've actually
never seen click and I don't intend
to I hope that's acceptable what the
[__] was I doing
here I'm not watching click I'm not
watching click I'm not watching click
I'm not watching
click I'm not I'm not an Aden Sandler
fan
no I'm not watching I'm not watching
Jack
Joe stop stop
it thoughts on Adam
sailor everyone in chat has just learns
to wish to Gaslight me
forever pixels
I remember being like vaguely excited
for pixels and I don't remember why and
then I never watched it and I stopped
carrying I'm so hungry for
quartz oh we're in the basalt Fields oh
that's SC
hello
what did I already have this marked
what the
[__] okay well I'm about to find out if
I've been here
before let's open this chest and find
out if I've been here
before I haven't cuz I would have taken
another wart cuz I was on a hunt for
nether wart at some point
and I would have taken all this Nether
wart too I don't need it anymore cuz I
have
it two Nether wart rooms side by side
interesting this like B bason this
nether fortress is like almost
entirely inside the nether rock
what are you what are you saying to
me what are you saying to me do you
think Sheldon from Young Sheldon would
like Minecraft bastions appreciate how
the structure was
built you say that as like the Reddit
shrieks are bestowed upon my
ears
Dennis Dennis Dennis
Dennis who remembers
that who remembers that one
I forgot the name of the person who made
it but they're the one who made the
let's fight of the castle and then they
threw the Princess
Celestia someone tell
me oh Gastly
I originally came here to get Quartz and
I ended up finding a random ass nether
fortress I've already found found like
five other Nether fortresses but it took
me a long time to get them so finding
one on accident is kind of
funny yes it's the new ballet move they
also made
that they made the one where Pinkie Pie
falls uh
Falls I want to say they're Australian
unfortunately nether quartz
uh is a mostly
just cosmetic as a item but it gives you
a lot of
XP and that's what we needed
skeleton this just opens like this I
don't think I've ever seen another
Fortress like almost entirely submerged
another rck like this
before I'm sure it's common but I've
never seen one
oh yeah quartz is used for redstone
things although that's not my
forte what are you
are you normal yeah you're
normal sorry I thought the big [__]
eyes staring back at me lovely little
magma Beast
lovely it's eyes are just
staring so here's the problem
I don't really know how to get back to
the
Overworld the way I normally do it is
just die because I have keep inventory
on but eventually we're going to do the
uh stream
smpp and I can't rely on that form
because I'm going to have inventory keep
inventory
off
so it's a it's quite a dilemma
this is my new over world thank
you I saw a blaze
somewhere are you uh
yes yeah
true about the obsidian I just
don't this is such a weird nether
fortress it's mostly empty
hallways I guess most of them are empty
Hall hallways but these ones are so
long and keep going into lots of
different branching
paths
funny oh yeah I forgot you can do
that but then to make uh gold bars I
need a crafting table and the new
warped
forests have trees which has wood and
wood makes crafting table I am the
smartest one in this
room I'm alone in my room
like these do make normal wood
right I haven't actually tested this I
do not need all this
Netherrack I could just do
this condense that even
further
okay okay yeah
let's let's mine some gold and let's try
and do this the oldfashioned way I don't
have a flint and steel
either and
then man I don't
know the things I think about when
taking Minecraft
seriously okay they give you Flint
too
hello
what
okay could light it with lava I
think question
mark okay
see I'm like learning all the things you
do in Minecraft and you don't have keep
inventory
on okay well I have the wood planks so
that should be
fine so I'm looking for
gold there were some gold bricks in
these chests but I don't feel like going
through those again
I'll take the
quartz I'm not sure if nether wood burns
true does Netherrack cuz it is
uh well I don't know I saw something
burning that over there
but that's just
Netherrack yeah I can't wait to go to
the
ather I did try
that when I was little I was one of
those people
literally smelt me mining it
hello
what why I just try and put the crafting
table in the crafting bar to place it
help
me Ultra crafting table no they have the
crafter now you can't even make that
joke anymore you fool again
this is
nice this is really
nice and really Pleasant
hello
bro oh my God
ew what
thanks why did you why did you pick that
up oh you love the hole get this now
you're right I could get flint out of
it I don't think
my shovel has a Fortune
though but I don't have I don't have
iron though that's the thing I don't
have
iron get take
this the [__] are you what are you going
to trade me
for you're a child hey
mhm right
I don't even know they just gave
me this crying obsidian
work I'm assuming you don't want to
waste cry even if it did work I'm
assuming you don't want to waste crying
obsidian but it's what I
have I
all right
I don't give a [__] what button M said
Button Mash said I'll kill him
too you will now reappear as soon as
possible what's the goal here to
get out without using uh silly
tactics the sneezing might begin soon
we're going to find
out the good news is the laughter does
begin at midnight
no
sneeze oh how Gastly
hello
bro I have something for you
why is it wearing McDonald is a good
Quest what the [__] thanks for the soul
speed
loser you even look like
one oh you're not smart you're dumb
hey
that does this give me
quartz
oh I know oh you hate it now
one
obsidian 500
cigaretts that's a black stone
okay
a torch for your
sins I'm sorry everyone we'll get them
next time
nice yeah that's what I was saying
cuz I normally play that way but when I
make the new server I'm not going to
have that option
anymore why are you still here you love
the wall
that goes in
crafting thanks I'll throw my inventory
into lava at the next opportunity I got
totem of the undying for inventory would
be like essentially the same thing as
totem of the undying I think without the
the fact you don't leave your location
fleo
wait why do I have a
lead did we get the lead back from the
cat from last
stream cuz the cat was in the
nether did we
win
21 wait what was here oh my arrows
you guys are a problem why m
why must they create born as soon as I
walk
in someone's going to create born very
soon
[Applause]
come
buddy all pal thinks it's dinner time
wrong face the wrath of my Ford
F-150 oh seeds are plenty seem a
plenty take this you love
this all right everyone take these
excess seeds
now share amongst yourselves
what do I do about
[Music]
this those are villagers
yeah they love the
pool is quite
scary see that drag
scope just take this dude
the green one
I just Tred to enchant my
boat blast
protection that's good
because that's good now I have all the
protections which
means gay people tomorrow morning
[Applause]
nice our armor is uh
nice you're unemployed what are you
doing here
okay new job just
dropped so we have all the
good I wonder if we should try a a water
Monument oh this I still haven't
furnished my house
true I wa to pay a visit to
the pay a visit to the uh blast radi
yes so beautiful
it was like it was just uh two weeks ago
or
something let's go invade their
home sleep tight
sillies did someone new
one I just H you are
huge why are you so
vast really
guys Yuri and my kid
kitchen just try and get
me try it
should we take a trip to the balls to a
mine in the CVS Pharmacy Village I think
we
should let's go do
that do some nice mining
all right guys let's take a trip to
balls two of
mine don't worry about
that that's
nothing my God remember island in the
asbestos Town good
memories it's like just a few days ago
that's
fine I remember it was like it was a few
days ago or
something where we're going we're going
to balls to a
mine we really need to get an elytra at
some point
what fair enough
cobblestoned let he who is without sin
cast the first spell
eyes on the prize eyes on balls to a
mine God I could help you through dark
times I hope I can help you through Dark
Souls next
I think most people should
play the souls born
games even if they don't think they can
do it I certainly didn't think I could
do it now I'm like a pro
cuz like the games are hard but they're
uh they're
doable did I help you through Melania no
way Violet soundtrack to melenia is
fire yeah bloodborne is an emotional
experience
going to the capital of Ryan SE
Crest people are always surprised when I
tell them my favorite of the Dark Souls
Trilogy is Dark Souls 2
just love the trilogy
though it's interesting cuz Dark Souls 2
is the one that Mia Zaki was actually
not inv D when not involved in
but at least as much but Dark Souls 2 is
really special to
me my favorite of all the games is uh
Elden
ring and then bloodborne
yeah Dark Souls 2 is my first one so it
stayed special in my
heart souls board games are those things
where it's like they're so [__] hard
that it's one of the few times you will
complete a game and it actually feels
like it was
earned Dark Souls 2 is a funny one to
start with though because of the uh
hollowing
um the hallowing
mechanic cuz the Dark Souls one was a
weirdly more
forgiving in that sense at least
melenia is
also one of the best boss fights ever in
alen ring just like of any game
ever It's a cruel cruel it's like
actually cruel and um 100%
unfair and because of that because it's
actually unfair and sadistic and
horrible and
uh purely because it's unfair it feels
great to actually beat
it cuz it's as if the game is cheating
against you
I haven't played the DLC
yet because I know if I start playing
Elden ring again I'm not going to stop
for a very long time and I have work to
do I have a life to attend to right now
I can't be doing
this uh what was it Elden ring came out
right as I finished um fish whisper so I
got a lot of my work done and I had some
free time so I was able to sink like
over 200 hours without
stopping I just tried to Roblox shift
lock
yeah I tend to hyper focus on video
games too Minecraft I did actually but
now we're in like the post Minecraft
uh situation so I wasn't fixating as
much anymore so I can play it on
stream when whenever I get into a video
game it's like the only thing it
consumes
me one of the reason girls who are
Wizards took so long is because I got
fixated on a beast worm
simulator and I literally couldn't stop
during anything but Beast swarm
simulator I could only play bearm
simulator it was consuming me so
much we're almost to balls to a m
finally
next to the CVS
Pharmacy we did it read the balls to of
mine CVS
Pharmacy I at the combination balls to a
mine in CVS
Pharmacy how do I get
in definitely not that way
tears of the Kingdom I breed pretty
quickly cuz I knew I would sit on it
long if I wanted to 100%
it if I could be so
honest I really really like the feeling
and the world of the Legend of Zelda
like nonlinear open world games
but after playing Elden
ring and then playing tears of the
Kingdom it's
like wow this
is really
empty elen ring is so chalk full of
stuff and it always feels like no matter
what you do no matter where you go you
you're going to run into something
that's actually interesting in breath of
the wild and tears of the Kingdom
anywhere you go you will find something
that's for sure but find something
interesting or worth your time is a
different
question cuz you will you will find find
something by golly you will but you'll
spend like 15 minutes climbing a
mountain and uh you get one Coro seed
it's like okay that's all the content
there is on top of this
mountain in Elden ring if you see a
mountain you say oh this will be a nice
10 minutes of content and then you find
five secret bases of enemies and uh
several Dungeons and different ways of
being attacked by characters that are
far more powerful than you that's
fun it's true though Elder ring doesn't
have uh doesn't have link that is
something that could improve alen
ring that is to say that also gives
Elden ring the disadvantage of being a
game that takes way too long
to finish let alone
100% And to be fair a lot of the
dungeons in Elden ring the minor ones
are just copy and
paste they're not horribly copied and
pasted they're they have some decent
variation
and they can
be one maybe more challenging than the
other but I will say that the copy and
pasting of things like
the uh what were they called the uh I've
already forgotten but the
mines and the catacombs and Elden ring
does Elden ring have Yuri it
does it does have
Yuri it actually genuinely does Elden
ring has a lot of queer characters in it
actually at the same time uh Zelda and
Link is Yuri
so you
know it's not as if Elden Wing Elden
Wing rins in the face of Legend of Zelda
it's true every game has Yuri if you're
smart
enough except I feel like there's enough
lore in Legend of Zelda to give like
actual storyside Credence to uh Lincoln
Zelda being Yuri
I haven't been paying attention to this
mine it's kind of
freaky like we're not a deep slate level
yet but I'm pretty sure it goes to deep
slate
level what if metal insula was an Elden
ring then like half the challenges would
be over and done with easily
cuz then we'd just be double jumping
everywhere wait that's not how the world
works I got to Copper
hungry my hubris my
Folly and such
I just tried to place a torch upside
down this is why uh lanterns are
superior it might take iron to create
but get good or something
this cave is a little strange isn't this
oh
wait that's right so on
stream a couple of streams ago I found
the the
stronghold by
accident so that was
funny torrent is trans confirmed reason
double jump
yeah wait
but Mario how many jum jumps does Mario
get depending on the game think about it
it's
alive do I want to jump down here into
the balls to a mine descend into
madness I don't have feather falling
that's the
thing didn't bring a bucket with me
he's double
trans we that's just gender
fluid this is a weird shape for a a deep
SLE area here's some
dirt see uh creeper convention over
there can you stop it I'm having a
moment may Arya curse you forever and
ever amen
a trial
room there's a trial room did I know
this I don't think I knew there was a
trial room in the balls two of
mine what okay
I don't have any
wood parkour or
Legends okay we can put this copper in
here
skeleton key
reference oh you're
freezing you're frigid and pathetic
you're disappointed in my naming of
locations be disappointed in chat there
are the ones who told me to name this
place balls to a
mine for
slimes oh we're eating good this
evening free slime balls it's not even a
challenge this is a reward this is the
reward
what is
that oh potion of regeneration
go down
there I don't know how to make a flying
machine but I don't know why I would do
that when you can just use an elytra
late game
I have never seen this before in a trial
chamber
what are these mobs called exactly I
don't
remember what is
that okay
he
why
okay
thanks that was really sweet of you
what who's getting hurt
you can dye candles right
sure
oh not one of these
RS I hate these ones
so many spooky skeletons this evening
it's over
there so just a m
shaft so many things in the balls to am
I are they beefing
hello sorry why do I shake when I'm
running because I
have like residual Counter Strike autism
it's just a tick I do in like most
Source
games I don't really need all these
bones but yes I do of course I
do I don't need the dispenser but what
was that I don't remember anymore
G why why so many ice skeletons
I think the most fun you can have with a
video game is moving in a source
game either moving in a source game or a
quake game
I'm in
pain I can only run CS2 through
uh I can only run CS2
through what's it
called
um I don't need that
I can only run CS2
through
crossover and it works
but there's just a little bit of
uh delay as a
result it's not a lot of delay but it's
enough to make me not feel the joy of
moving around in like the
game are they beefing again
guys figure it
out they're literally all beefing look
at
them all out
War I'm actually so scared I thought I
saw another name tag
they are stupid
realistically one of the reasons you
should love trial rooms is to be able to
loot all the copper stuff but I just uh
I I always run out of inventory space in
here okay where did I even come from
where did I even
go I think if anything
tonight I really just expressed how much
of a FPS junkie I really
am or have been and I really don't play
them anymore but once upon a
time slimes oh let's
go my
beloved just just bring on the Slime
balls I really don't need the honey
bottles it's fine
kids react to
bread but how would they react to the
modern-day bread factory
more more of you are they
beefing I'm going to say a nuanced thing
be be cautious on how you uh interface
with what I'm going to
say but
I
hate genuinely so
much supporting any sort of idea where
we're like othering the younger
generation be like oh video games were
so this when I was like a kid I don't
who [__] cares dude we're we're
moving on
like it was good and uh be happy about
that but like uh you really got to stop
being like kids are never going to
understand the or kids are always like
just stop it you sound like a boomer now
you really do enough of
this no one in this chat is being like
that but I'm just like it the
conversation could lean into that I
think
like yeah literally Celeste came out
only a few years
ago Celeste is one of those great
perfect
things I feel like there is like a
slight hint of sarcasm what you're
saying but like it's kind of
true I already have one of these um like
uh complain all you want about [__] and
your perception of like younger people
but I don't know there's like a lot of
really good things that have come for
the younger generation I'm like happy
for
them like relax you never want to sound
like you never want to sound like the
crotchy old person in the corner let's
let's not do that let's not all be the
thing we hated so
much let's embrace the
new
like no people's attention spans are not
getting
worse no one people's attention spans
are not getting worse
our attention spans have always been
bad it's just taking a new
form we've we've always loved [__] uh
kids have never made sense either every
was like oh my God I I'm so scared of
these children saying scoy toilet the
world is ending can you stop it enough
enough of
this we were out here being like I'm
going to do an internet whoa I'm going
to do a book a what the [__] does that
mean we were doing the same [__] we were
doing the same [__] enough of
this Nugget in a Biscuit
exactly and we're we're like kind of
fine
relax so my opinion is always going to
be I very very quickly would like to
embrace whatever the newer things
are this brain rot [__] is always kind
of funny
because there's like a handful of people
who are like really upset by it for no
reason and uh I think that's
exciting because uh I think people who
get upset over [__] that doesn't matter
definitely deserve to be upset about
it so that's why you got to be that
way I think this I'm waiting for I'm
trying to find this last skeleton
somewhere oh there you
are and like yeah Roblox has become
super popular with the new generation
and now I'm like really into it fortnite
is the same deal and I'm into fortnite
like I don't know shit's not the
same as it used to be and that's a good
thing right life moves on let's move on
together
guys like oh your favorite franchise or
something kind of sucks now all right
move on to a different one it it it it
had its run do something else
like it is so easy to feel dystopian
about [__] right now I think but there's
actually so much good stuff happening in
art right now some of it might just be
harder to understand at
first like video games movies and all
that if you know where to look
everything's
fine the main thing we're experiencing
right now is companies [__] suck way
more than they have in the
past because people are getting wiser
it's not like companies are doing
anything differently but they're being a
little bit more open with how
exploitative they can be
now but
like I'm sorry uh if you think that
video games are like [__]
now have you play like please tell
me
you've that kind of opinion has to exist
void of someone who has not played
something like the new God of War
series that kind of opinion has to come
from someone who hasn't played something
like Elden
why is the what the [__] is
this and there's the whole thing of like
oh this Roblox game is just an exploit
for money this Roblox game is so
pointless I give you a different
viewpoint on this how about it's funny
the game is funny
and so therefore it is worth my time it
makes me laugh therefore it is worth my
time is that not in itself a form of
compelling art it is not Shakespeare it
does not have to
be I in the future of Art and the future
of entertainment and the future of
meting is going to be
fine it's just uh whether or not that's
in the hands of companies or not
companies owe us good products because
they shouldn't be getting money if they
don't dare to do something
good the thing is the the thing about
Roo is I don't feel so terrible about
that idea cuz it's going towards the
developer it's going towards the people
who actually make this [__] so if it
makes you
laugh and and you have a good time with
it and you buy Roo and spend robblox on
a stupid game you're giving someone a a
real person not a not a company but a
real
person uh just a little bit of money
that's it it's not like it's like you're
paying $50 to do the bathroom line
simulator it's like you pay 30 cents to
say this game made me laugh and was
worth my time and you probably did this
with some friends that lasted like an
hour or so and it's worth it you go to
the movie for a couple of hours that
that was worth the money usually unless
it's a [__]
movie also about music music is the one
place I don't think anyone should be
complaining right now because the world
of music is literally peing and having a
hyper golden age right now in every
genre in every corner of the world there
is so much good music happening right
now it's not even
funny it is genuinely there is genuinely
so much good music happening right
now so that is the last thing you should
worry about music do not worry about
music there's too much good music right
now I am trying to find oh one of those
silly ass lock boxes cuz I have two keys
to get rid of and then I'll leave this
place it kind of is like I that is not
an inaccurate statement this is like the
best decade for music since the 70s
genuinely that is that is a really well
put thing
d i I appreciate you asking the question
but I'm going to get real [__]
serious for a second uh [__]
geni who [__] feather falling oh my
God I needed that wait does it go to
feather falling
3 feather falling
tears oh it goes up to four whatever
feather falling uh feather falling 3 is
fine um [__] gen I
geni is uh
pointless it is pointless it is stupid
uh and it's
annoying I I an absolute base value take
AI is annoying as
[__] that's that's the least it can be
it cannot be anything less than
annoying but it is going to be so much
more and the thing
is I've made that statement before but
one of the big problems about AI
is it is a black
box when you create art as a
person you're Inspirations will come out
of that and sometimes you might even end
up copying someone whatever but when you
do that you're doing that with what
inspired you when you have an AI do
something that's not you that
even if it's plagiarism the fact that
it's not coming from
you is is
pointless if you want to do
plagiarism uh go do plagiarism for
realsies don't have something to do it
for you that's
ridiculous I don't know how I got out of
here I'm stuck in the balls to
mine
um and and also here's the
thing I don't actually endorse
plagiarism but what I'm saying
is if that is
something that is what you want to do
for some reason do it yourself instead
of having an AI do it because that's all
the AI can do is it is just a blackbox
of just everything that exists
I'm not talking about using AI to master
or Rhythm match I'm talking about J
AI I I specifically use the words geni
because that is like the specific thing
we're talking about AI itself is is not
even the same thing as gen geni is a SC
up by Tech Bros it's not even totally AI
proper AI has been used in music for
decades and it's not never been about
doing the work for you it's about having
a second pair
ears I think you mean b BPM matching too
by the way but besides the point
um how do I leave how do I leave how do
I leave I'm looking for a
box yeah it shouldn't even be called gen
either but at this point I don't even
know
what point here here's here's the
thing uh
I am never going to endorse what we
consider geni at all not in the
Future No Matter What it
becomes and the way I Define this is
something
that generates what is considered a
finished
thing from using every other source
material you feed it and typically this
is going to be something that's
processed in a
server
somewhere using its neural network or
not it neural network it's
a what is like a neural network sort of
I I don't know I don't remember the
proper
term but it's going to be processed at
some server for bazillion
power I am just trying to find one
lockbox thing here
yeah I literally am just been running in
circles for five minutes cuz I'm just
trying to find
one thing I can unlock with
this cuz this is a special one oh never
mind no it's
not are those golden carrots or carrot
carrots golden and
carrots um I care about more than iron I
care about the coal more I
think but when I say AI I mean things
like mid journey I mean things like chat
GPT I will not endorse those and I will
not use for my
art large language
models but it doesn't just uh it's not
just large language
models it goes beyond that but that is
like the primary
one the thing is there is literally no
purpose for
it even if you were to ignore the energy
uh implications of if Ai and if you were
to
ignore the moral
implications so if somehow AI was moral
I this gen AI stuff was moral and it was
efficience then
what what I I can do everything by
myself cuz I'm like like a person that
wants to do stuff in life instead of not
do stuff in
life you could ignore everything all the
morals all the energy and at the end of
the day what do you [__] need it
for it can move faster I don't give a
[__] life isn't about doing [__]
fast efficiency doesn't mean
[__] efficiency doesn't equal better
life better
experience the music industry I don't
give a [__] about the music industry I'm
not the music industry I'm a one
person more free time music is my I this
is what I want to do I want to do
this free time for what sit around watch
TV the
[__] there's so much [__] you can do in
life there's no reason to replace it
with AI it's
pointless why
live I will escape balls to a mine I
will escape balls to a mine I will
escape balls to a mine
yeah like stop automating
everything like why do you think I'm not
building sophisticated Redstone [__] in
Minecraft because that bores
me I want to do everything for me I want
to experience the [__]
game the thing is uh AI because of what
it is is always going to need someone to
moderate it
anyway if that's the case how is it
really doing
anything why not at that point just have
another
person and like yeah art is a form of
expression and uh externalizing the
internal you're not doing that with AI
you're just telling an AI to
rehash the most common denominator of
your
input here's the thing I can tell you AI
has been used in the music industry for
years uh but they it's been for very
specific purposes okay where is U
mea ballst Town G Village Yi Village is
there's me okay we're on our way
back
um AI has been used in music for things
like mastering and here's what I know
about that uh the AI mastering Services
[__] suck there isn't a good one the
AI mastering services are if you don't
know what you're doing and you don't
want to
someone they suck and they always will
be
because listening
to
slime in the past there are things like
isotope ozone which is an AI mastering
assistant and when I realized
was I got better results by just
learning how to do it
myself and once I learned how to master
myself uh first of all I had more fun it
was more fun for me and second of all
just sounded better the stuff I did with
the isotope
scen I have so many regrets for the
sound
quality all that kind of [__] I want to
redo with real
mastering um the only thing AI seems to
be useful for in a moral sense has
mainly just been for
monitoring so being able to monitor
loudness perception being able to
monitor possible areas of contention in
like EQ spectrums and frequency
spectrums and it's serving the purpose
of being just another pair of ears that
you can look at data with and then
review with your personal feelings and
your artistic choices what the best
route is because you realize that if you
everyone relies on ai ai is just going
to Trend towards the common denominator
of whatever its input is and if that's
the case everyone using AI is
essentially just going to become this
homogeneous group of the same
[__] very specifically it relies on the
pre-existing to do
anything and I want people to understand
this
thing AI is going to get better it looks
horrible right now
but it's going to get
better and that's going to create a huge
dilemma because we're going to have
cases where people will not realize
something is AI and this has already
happened where people don't realize
something is AI and then they find out
and then they turn on it but then Tech
Bros will be like o gotcha though you
couldn't tell the first time no we but
like once you've told me I don't care
about it anymore like you can't do that
I foed you it's like I don't [__]
care you ruined it I don't like it
anymore [__] off it's like that's not
how it works I fooled you which means
you have to be like oh [__] AI is good
no no
no remember the remember the SpongeBob
episode where the [__] Krabby paos
got replaced with gray
goop it's the same [__] not everyone
could tell but once they realize what
that [__] was made of they were done
because it
matters and uh someone may be tempted to
be like well but you can't sus out a
pattern but you can't like do this
objectively you can't like measure any
of this [__] like yeah exactly because
we're living breathing organic sap
things we're not statistics we're not
averages we're living breathing
contradictions accept
it live with it stop running from it
like what are you scared
of anyone who attempts the reductionist
view of any sort of biology and any sort
of part of the
universe already ignores the fundamental
aspect of emergence as a
concept new properties come from smaller
parts building up to something that very
fact means that you cannot take a
reductionist view to the existence of
complex living
things it's you just
can't you're ignoring
a fundamental aspect of what makes
anything
anything I think people need to stop
thinking uh they know [__] about life
because they watch Rick and Morty and
have suddenly a strange ill-informed
nihilism that means nothing in the grand
scheme of
things yeah [__] an [__] it to the world
and
back [__] Apple [__] Google [__]
Microsoft [__] every company in the
whole goddamn
world I say this on my Mac computer [__]
him anyway okay
that is all to say it actually ties back
into a thing from before I was saying
things like Frankenstein a lot of older
movies and stuff a lot of stuff that I
wasn't really interested in before the
emergence of AI taking over [__] has
made me like really appreciate a lot of
things I didn't appreciate
before it's really interesting I was
comparing back to back things like
screenshots from uh Marvel movies versus
screenshots from things like
like
uh a Wizard of Oz it's like holy [__]
Wizard of Oz they did that [__] in the
30s and that [__] has better color
grading than [__] 300 million budget
MCU
movie so funny so funny
I mean I was recently watching a It's a
Wonderful Life as well like [__] the
cinematography in that movie is like
kind of
mad that's what movies were new well not
new new
but movies have been like popular for
about 30 40 years by that
point it's funny
uh the first time I watched It's a
Wonderful Life I was a Christian
Technically when I was a kid and then
watching it as an atheist is an
interesting experience and actually I
kind of value it more as an atheist than
I do as a
Christian it it is a lot more
interesting to me
as an
atheist I think I have seen the original
Gonzo a long time ago when my parents
used to put on like old movies on the TV
all the time but I don't remember very
much about it
I okay I thinking give this one image
hold on
[Applause]
I keep thinking of this one
image oh my God where is
it no oh my God I can't find
[Applause]
that oh my God
I can't find
it someone's got to find it there is
like this image of
uh just like a cucumber and a tomato
sitting on a table and that was it and
it just and the caption was just like
atheist Veggie Tales it's like actually
so funny to
me it's like what if it was but a dream
Veggie Tales did project
gen except Veggie Tales the way they did
it was still
funni I think if you like any Kaiju
movies you just have to expect it to be
bad and it really is part of the
fun and is it really bad if you like it
good
like what does it mean for something to
be good if you like it then it's good if
you like it authentically if you say it
ironically then that's not the same
thing yeah that's the other thing with
AI is like [__] up Google so much I
was look I was looking at a picture of
like uh Beethoven just on Google for
some reason and the first I came out
with AI like why there are so many
paintings of bethoven the [__] do you
need this
for are you ID
I hope they mid jining honestly I'd vote
for him
oh yeah I did see the the key tearing
one
finished with the AI what [__]
morons I'm pretty sure that uh that was
bait
but I don't [__]
care makes they hate
people you know the one thing that Tech
Bros are never going to understand is uh
existence is flaws so is Art if you want
to make quote unquote perfect art then
you've missed the point then you're a
loser imagine a world where no one's sad
and a world where everyone Smiles all
the time every day everything's perfect
is that somewhere you want to live does
it sound very
engaging let's picture a world where no
one's sad picture a world where you're
happy every day everything goes perfect
every day all art is perfect everywhere
all your favorite things are always
there every
day and uh tell me if you could live in
that
well it's not like anyone likes
suffering but it is true that
without
hardship you don't love anything
also why did I get why did I put feather
falling of my boots now I can't kill
myself to reset
spawn for
it's not like anyone wants to suffer not
like anyone wants anyone to suffer or to
feel pain or to go through
[__] and some things are worse than
others also thing about four you pages I
don't always want to see what I want to
see I want to see new [__] why am I
watching the same like recycled
interests constantly
same Twilight I got
it let me
in let me in let me
in let me
in okay I need to go to bed soon
so let's yell at geography until I get
15 by the next time I do a stream the
album should be done by the way
I'm going to race up this so I can put a
time 30
seconds I'll leave pan and zoom on 30
seconds for each
one GE guesser did fall off this is like
France right
why does this not feel like France this
feels
like
[Music]
France it does look French I'm going
France I don't care oh it's Northern
Ireland
okay not even
close
Okay be
reasonable this is surely a
Australia
right there's no way this
is you say it's America wait you may be
right no maybe you're right like
here or even it could be California like
Southern California okay we were all
wrong it was South
Africa every day of my life it's South
Africa versus uh versus
Australia none of you are right none of
us are
right yeah South Africa and Australia
usually look very similar if you're out
on the
roads where is
this dirt
road everything's
obscured that is terrifying do you not
walk
there feels like Europe feels like over
here okay it's Germany
it's not Michigan stop
it what is
this this has got to be
like do I want to say It's
Brazil do I want to say it's the
Philippines do I say it's Thailand I
think it might be the
Philippines okay it was just oh that's a
really really East that's very East
okay we're
like the question is are we in India or
are we in like Bangladesh cuz this feels
weird like weird India which makes me
think it's Bangladesh or could even be
Pakistan uh but there's no Arabic okay
no it's fine okay there Bangladesh I I
had a feeling it was Bangladesh cuz it
felt a little bit too weird to be
India but it's fine it's close enough
but we're we're doing this till we get
15 or higher this is America
surely or is it I actually don't
know okay this is weird is this Canada
no it's not Canada is it
Canada it's like
Alaska is it Alaska it does not strike
me as Alaskan it strikes me as like
around
here okay it was just uh Connecticut it
was
Hartford do they have snow coverage in
Hartford
Connecticut could they not find uh
another time of the year to do it and
uh
okay sure
oh
okay this is Italian this reminds me of
that one place in Italy where it's
like
that but it's a not it's just a
different part of Italy but it's still
north
so
UK
like here is right
this so
sad is it uh
scotlands I don't know we'll find out
okay it was
scotlands I don't think it was more
North but I was scared of uh because I
saw
English
[Music]
um that flag looks vaguely Georgian but
I know it's not in Georgia we're not in
Georgia we're not in Georgia
right no that's the Italian
flag right no it's not am I in
S I don't know what I'm doing anymore it
was Italy it was weird Italy
Corsica not
Ireland uh what is
this cows
feels
like
like I'm going to be so
wrong I'm going to be so
wrong okay I wasn't so so wrong I almost
went Columbia that's not
stop e
why
ever why
ever well this place looks uh very
depressing so I feel like it's
America remember what I told you last
stream if it looks depressing the
buildings [__] suck it's going to be
American it's like [__]
here oh it's Canada well let's
technically just still America
uh
Sweden I wonder what
uh wonder what makes me think Sweden on
this one that's just a
hunch now this one's America no doubt
this actually looks uh vaguely
California but I know it's
not but it kind of looks vaguely
Californian I'm going to go to
California and I don't care if I'm wrong
guys it was vaguely Californian it was
like Diet Nevada it was Reno oh I've
been
here that's probably why it looked so
familiar to me because I haven't been a
lot of States but I have been to Nevada
and I have been to Reno
specifically so
nice
uh can't read that is this this is
indones I or
Malaysia right no no no is this Sri
Lanka I feel like I want to go to Sri
Lanka but then I'm going to lose so many
points it just feels like Sri Lanka to
me but I know it's not no it's going to
be okay that's none of the above Sri
Lanka would have been a better guess
than Indonesia
though that's 15 but that felt fake new
one
this
is just like Central here yeah oh it's
monter not South Africa what are you
talking about it Spanish where are we
I can't that looks
uh this is this is a weird
one it's like
vaguely oh I'm going to be so
wrong is this is this ever
Nepal is this ever
Nepal no it's just New
Delhi [__] I wanted it to be a fun guest
this is America I hate you I hate you I
hate you I hate you I hate you
so [__]
ugly what is
this what is
this are we in like
Romania oh n
that's a bad one that's a bad one that's
a bad
one now I'm back to feeling like is this
Romania
again guys can this just be
Romania those are not EU plate is that
an EU plate that's blue on the left
maybe it is
Romania I can't tell
I feel like maybe it's just like
Croatia go
Croatia
oh just stop
it this is uh
right yeah okay
you're speed guessing right
now what is
this what are the what is
this I
this is not good this is not good it's
[__]
Italy
stop okay we need like a legit 15 where
is this this looks Vaguely Familiar have
I been
here yeah I have been
here it's just Ventura I have I've been
I've feel like I've been in this parking
lot no I haven't there there would have
be no reason for me to be
here like Christ I have been
here wow that's a jump scare I feel like
if you're California and you're just you
just have like a an inclination to know
when you're in California I will say a
confused
uh a California gu guest a California
guest with an Australian guest once
because uh of the fact that there's a
bunch of like imported trees in San
Francisco
okay I'm glad I trust my intuition on
that one what is this this is like
Japan this is not Japan is
it I'm
scared this is hard this is a hard one
for
me this could be a lot of places feels
like Switzerland feels like Austria it
feels like Japan for some reason at the
same time I'll go
Switzerland I should have stayed in
Austria
whatever H
well it's going to be somewhere down
here okay yeah
the got to
be uh
Estonia nope Argentina same
thing uh I don't know I don't know
what's going
on okay oh it was lasu [__] God damn
it I should have done that okay okay
sorry I had to throw that because of
that one guess what is
this feels
uh
damn could it be just can it just be uh
here yeah okay oh no it's Germany damn
it same
thing stop stop stop I swear to God this
is disgusting oh it's still disgusting
same thing different part of the
world this this Taiwan or Hong
Kong I want say
one it's t
one okay this well this one's definitely
like yeah there we go
oh no what the
[__] I
don't this is
weird that's a weird one I don't know I
genuinely don't
know Finland are the stop signs in
English and
Finland it looked so European but I was
like so focused on English stop
signs I mean this would have been an
easy Finland if it put me anywhere
else why does this feel British but it
also doesn't feel
British why does it feel
Belgian I'm going to be wrong it's be
neither it's going to be like the
Netherlands okay no it's just just the
okay
okay this is
definitely here
right or am I not smart
enough
Hulk that's definitely Philippines nope
it's Indonesia same
thing it's not Brazil
it's not
Brazil what is this UK again this is
France see
okay oh it's now it's Estonia
really I to see
that I feel like if I had paid more
attention to those there I would have
been like that's a that's AIA
this F like California again I swear to
God it's not California
again or land what does it say I don't
know this is not Florida why does this
feel vaguely
California it's not going to be
California it's going to be like Florida
I'm literally from California I need to
trust myself when it feels like
California I should know this sh
10 11 okay lock in what is this I
[__]
hate where is this is this Australia or
New
Zealand it feels American but it
doesn't those are American plates
right so it feels like that it's going
to be
like God I don't [__]
no well it's Coastal that makes
sense what the [__] are you giving me
that look
for I should know where we are we're
just in France right
yeah
okay
uh well we're
like I can't tell if this is I don't
feel like this is
Mexico in my mind it's like Ecuador or
Chile
but I'm going to stick with Mexico
because I feel like I'd be sad yeah okay
it's just Mexico City like I'd be just
be sad if I I missed out on the easiest
Mexico in the world
but this is Thailand
right this is Thailand this is a
Cambodia I'm going to be wrong what the
[__] is this is it Brazil I'm scared I'm
scared I'm scared fine just hurt me okay
that's a lot better than Brazil being
the guest but it's so
bad
okay
turkey not turkey where is
this Brazilian
dirt not turkey I for for some for a
second I thought it was like North
turkey I don't know what this is this is
a my gut says South Africa and I'm going
to be wrong no don't do
that oh it is
Brazil [__]
14 give me
15 this is most
certainly somewhere in the world I feel
like it's t again okay this time I was
right
why okay I'm glad I saw those cuz I
wasn't I was thinking this is America at
first but now I don't think it's America
anymore it feels
like I don't
know
so oh don't make me second guess things
okay it was America or was
Canada I forgot it's all the same
parallel I don't know why I did
that
where
Greece are we like
here oh now you're now it's
turkey now it's turkey are you happy
with yourself or was the Mediterranean
whatever
what
I my heart says it's like Hawaii for
some reason but it's
not I I don't know I'm going to go to
Hawaii just for fun cuz I don't
know Ecuador oh that would make
sense yeah that makes
sense give me some of
that it's the game again where we go is
this Indonesia versus uh Brazil I feel
like it's Indonesia okay it's uh none
it's Guatemala what am I
doing I am throwing I need 15 to
win what is
this America Canada it's
something where does anything look like
this
like like here
is i that's no no no no that's that was
bad
why I see this tiny license
plate no way that's an Italian license
plate are you
kidding what's wrong with
you what is that like license
player I'm so
mad I'm so
mad [__]
you why does this feel like
uh okay sure if you
want boats Norway not
Norway
Netherlands
Denmark the [__]
I'm in
hell feels vaguely Californian again but
I know it's not it's
Texas can't play it's 15 I just need to
get good at video games this is actually
not even a video game it's just
geography
um is this
like not Kansas but
it's going to be like New
Mexico
Arizona okay New Mexico
nice why what are
you Italy is this weird Italy or like
normal Italy or like none of the above
this is weird I think it's not itell
again all of a
sudden I feel like
it's
Belgium maybe I'm going to go here okay
just
friends
what is
this America Canada
this is
uh
funny where something feels wrong about
these
actually something feels a off oh never
mind is duth duth Minnesota
oh my God guys we're in France it's the
Eiffel Tower
um okay that should tell me something
but I'm not smart enough to know what
that means
oh we're in Asia right we're in Japan
Korea
oh Hong Kong okay
okay this is not
helpful now you've ruined it you've
ruined my good
score or can I glean about these
trees I genuinely have no [__] clue
where this
is I'm just going to goober guess and
just be like this is uh like a along
this River or
something it was along the little Rouge
Creek oh my
God
pretty this is just Paris proper I think
right
yeah America
is this
America this is America this feels
vaguely California again too but I feel
like it's
uh kind of
not is it like it's not Pennsylvania I'm
going in the middle no don't do
that
no I would said Tacoma and am I an
idiot I saw s that said
Tacoma I don't
know I don't know what these buildings
are I can't tell what that is
I'm gonna be wrong but it just feels
georan where's Georgia
help okay that's just
India that's how I know we're in
Illinois just kidding guys it's
Nebraska bunzo B paper for recy what the
[__] are you this is uh
Germany
Austria
Switzerland Austria
right
Austria so [__] close let me out let
me out let me out let me out
[__]
snow it was Romania I give
up I'm just going to [__] goober guas
no that's all I can do
what there's time for every
Groove Stevie Stephen
richond I I don't
know it's all
right same
thing I'm so
tired just give me okay I can do this
I can't do this what the [__] is this
how you know what
guys I got 15
earlier it
counts bye